welcome to marine connection my name is
Jesta but we're going to show you today
is a 2006 180 RX stingray bow rider will
show underwater how well this thing runs
right now we just got it in the water
has a three liter volvo penta
motor in it and we'll show you a shot of
that running you'll see that little
better in pictures also got the Volvo up
drive plenty of horsepower for a boat
like this right now we have the bimini
top open it's got the long bench seat in
the back here with your Sun pad on top
you got your dual bucket seats the helm
area all the gauges and everything on
this boat are in excellent condition as
well
we'll go on the water have some fun
showing it to you if you have any
questions send me an email give me a
call have a great day and God bless